Updates to issue templates and all that exciting stuff (#15)
MESH-Research/CCR: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Commit Messages

Commit messages on `develop` and `master` branches should follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary). Contributors are encouraged to use them as well, but maintainers will happily fix things up when merging pull requests if needed.

The Conventional Commits specification is a lightweight convention on top of commit messages. It provides an easy set of rules for creating an explicit commit history; which makes it easier to write automated tools on top of. This convention dovetails with SemVer, by describing the features, fixes, and breaking changes made in commit messages.

Your commit messages should be structured as follows:

    <type>[optional scope]: <description>

    [optional body]

    [optional footer(s)]

Making use of [tooling which supports Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#tooling-for-conventional-commits) is highly encouraged.

## Submitting Changes

* Push your changes to a topic branch in your fork of the repository.
* Squash extraneous commits to the appropriate logical portions.

> * Submit a pull request to the repository in the CakePHP organization, with the

Author: ```suggestion
* Submit a pull request to the repository in the MESH-Research Organization, with the
```
